Well, good evening, family. Thank you for
joining us again today. We're going
to go over, like I said, some of the
news and what's going on in the world:
the signs of the times of the coming
of the Lord Jesus Christ. Where are we
in the prophetic time clock and all the
things that are going on right now? Are
there new updates on the time clock?
Every day there's a new
update, it seems like. Braden
has some things that he found in the
news,
and so we'll go right to it. What is it?
What do you have?
I want to talk about
this.
Yeah, that's it.
Let's do it. This is fun. When the Lord
gave us—about
what was it? March?
No, this one was December. Okay, play
it.
Yeah, this is December 29th,
December 29th of 2025.
You actually saw it December 28th,
though.
I saw it on the 28th
when the Lord spoke to us. Okay, so I
want to play what the Lord showed me in
prayer when we were praying together on
New Year's Eve.
Was it right before New Year's Eve?
Yeah. Go for it.
Okay, so go ahead and play it.
Do you have
it?
I kept hearing
them say behind tables, 'This is just
business.'It
was wild,
the stuff I was hearing and I was
allowed to see over. And the Lord said,
'I'm warning you of what's coming.'And
they kept saying, 'This is business.'They
don't like the way America's going.
They didn't want to see this guy in
New York,
Mamdani—the
guy, they don't like him. And
so the Lord said
there's a union, it's dark, there are
things there that are very dark.
And they don't like this guy, and
they don't want the Islamic stuff coming
in like they're wanting to push.
So I saw territorial wars. I saw them
being a resistance, and in the days ahead,
I saw them being made out to be a hero,
kind of like MAGA.
It would be like a...
you didn't make it clear who we're
talking about.
I know, but you didn't make it
clear;
nobody knows what we're talking about.
I don't know how else to say it other
than bad guys that would become
heroes
because of being resistance toward the
Islamic push and Sharia law,
coming against that. So I saw
this in Chicago, I saw this in Boston, I
saw this in New Orleans, I saw this in
New York heavily. And I kept hearing 'Sicily,'I
heard 'Little Italy.'I kept
hearing this, but I'd see men that looked
like they had slicked-back hair. I saw people
with the aviator glasses on and
they had white suits on with flashy
shirts in these visions. I
saw Miami. I saw stuff that
was very dark. But as I was praying into
it, the Lord kept showing me darkness
like you could not believe over
America. And I heard again in the
Spirit, 'You have been weighed in the
balance, New York, and you've been found
lacking. You've been weighed in the
balance and you've been found lacking. You have
been weighed in the balance and you have
been found lacking
concerning this man.'On the 1st of
January—he's
talking about Mamdani—the Lord
said, 'You have been weighed in the
balance and you have been found lacking,
New York, and a shaking's coming.'But I
saw Italy, I saw the mafia, the five
families rising up against him in the
days ahead. Five families. And so next...
yeah,
I know, son, but okay, let's move
on.
Okay,
that's what the Lord showed us on there.
So here we go.
Do you have it up there?
'Little Italy will not be erased,'but
they're upset with Mamdani
and they're talking about
rising up against him.
So this is the Jewish Voice, so
you can see it.
See, they're forming an old-school pact
to save New York. I believe
this is the beginning of what the Lord
was showing us back in January
about the five families.
It says, 'immigrant neighborhoods
spark outrage
for ignoring Little Italy.'The
five families—I don't know if
they come out of this or not, but this
is what the Lord was showing me:
that the mafia will rise up against Mamdani
in the days ahead.
And I believe in my spirit this is the
beginning of it.
They're going to push against
the Islamic Brotherhood.
They're going to push against it. And I
kept hearing them say this: 'It's just business.'But
organized crime will come
against him in the days ahead, the Lord
said. And this is before he was even
sworn in.
And I saw an uprising of Italy, Little
Italy, and over Sicily. And I kept seeing—I
was praying over it—and I
could hear the mafia people rising
up against Mamdani in the days ahead
in New York.
And the Lord said, 'Five families, five.'He
said it goes out of
Chicago, Boston, these areas. And
I was praying into the Spirit and I kept
seeing this, but I thought it was
interesting because this guy is a tyrant.
He's evil. So go
ahead.
Yeah, and in this one, it even says,
'Original city...'Do
you have your mic on?
No,
you have to turn your mic on.
But critics were quick to
roast a socialist mayor for overlooking
his city's very own original Little
Italy, a nationally recognized historic
district that brought you everything from
meatballs to the mafia.
So watch what happens. I'm curious
about what stems out of this—of a
rising up of, you know, 'you've got
to do what you've got to do.'This is the
attitude I heard: 'It's just
business. You've got to do what you've got to
do.'It
kind of sounds scary to
me. That's why I said there was some
darkness to it. I saw some darkness that
was organized crime, and they were
ticked off
as they felt like they were being
exterminated.
Yeah,
go ahead and look at another one.
I mean, you can do it.
No, I'm talking about what the
Lord said through me.
Yeah, go ahead, play it again. Play
something else. This is on the 28th.
Sharia law rising up. I hear Sharia law
trying to rise up in a great
influence in Canada, Toronto.
What's Little Italy? Little Italy.
What I'm seeing in the Spirit, what I'm
seeing in this vision right now, I'm
seeing the mafia. These men
don't want Sharia law. They
don't want this new mayor. They
don't want the way of the change. They
like their organized crime. They like
the way they do it. They like the
family. And I see a turf war coming, a
major turf war. And it will look like
they are the heroes as they come against
the Islamic Brotherhood and Sharia
law,
keeping the way things were.
And this is concerning New Orleans, this
is concerning areas up in Boston,
fighting for America,
and almost like freedom fighters.
And I know that sounds really
crazy. I don't know how else to describe
it to you—this is the best way I know how—that
they will look like the good guys.
But it's a turf war because they don't
want to see their America and what
they've established go to the
Muslims
with the temples and changing New
York, changing these areas for what
this guy and the new mayor want
to take it. organized crime doesn't
like him from what
I'm hearing and what I'm seeing in the
Spirit.
There's a branch of it that does
because he'll hide his eyes
concerning certain things.
But there's great darkness there. And
that's all I know how
to describe to you.
So I'm not praying for them to
be bad. I mean, I don't know
what the Lord wants me
to do with that. I'm trying to hear;
I still don't. This is awesome. I'm just
telling you what I saw. Well, how do you
pray? You want to pray for
organized crime to take over? I don't want—I
mean, you know—I saw them
saying, 'We want it to go the way it's
always been, and we don't want your
Islamic Brotherhood in our nation, and
we're not going to allow the Muslims to
come in and take over New York City.'And
I saw Little Italy, and the Lord
kept saying, "Look at this."And I was
looking into the vision of the five
families. And the Lord said, "Watch this,"because
of what this man and
these people are saying right here. And
this is in New York. Now watch, this is
why they're going to come up against it.
I want you to hear what he says: "Allahu
Akbar.
This is the Islamic Republic of New
York.
Islam will be in every household.
Inshallah, the whole world is Muslim.
Welcome to Mamdani's New York."You
see this city? You see how it looks?
And show them all, your city looks just
like this, too.
So idiots like that.
You say our country is going to go
to Islam in every household in
America.
There's a lot I'd like to say, but I'm
on live air and I'm going to tell you—a
cold day in hell. That's all I've got to
say. But we're
going to stand against this spirit. This
is an Islamic...
we know what the Bible said. This is
where I'm telling you, the Antichrist
spirit's coming out of this. The
Antichrist spirit will be called the Mahdi.
And this is what's taking root in
America right now. And most people have
their head in the sand and they don't
even realize what's going on. And
they're doing this trash right here in
the middle of the open streets. And this
is Mamdani's America, right? Mamdani.
This is America. No more. And I said,
"Watch what happens."I saw Mamdani
will be a poster boy to be a
next Charlie Kirk
out of George and all these others that
will come against him. They say he's too
far right—I mean, too far left. He's
too far left. And I saw him being a
target to cause great rioting in New
York in the days ahead. I saw great rioting.
And they said they would blame
it upon the far right with MAGA hats,
the MAGA hats, the red hats. And I
saw they said this is who did this,
but it was not.
It was them. And they
were using him to bring an uprising
of votes to call a rally like it was
with Charlie. This is what I saw
coming and the Lord said, "Pray about this.
Pray into this."I saw them
burning Trump buildings. I saw them
burning everything. These idiots right
here were burning everything.
And people come at it, but I tell
you what I see. I see in part, hear in
part, but this is the wave of the things
the Lord is warning me about to pray for
peace over our nation.
For I saw a civil war trying to break
forth and the Lord—it was right, far
left against far right and it was a
divided line that went
right above Tennessee, Kentucky, all
that. It went and it split the country,
but it was
the South against the North.
And it was bad. And I saw it was no
longer like we had in the first Civil
War with muskets. These were AK-47s and
AR-15s. The Second Amendment was put to the
test and people acting crazy, burning
buildings and doing things. And so,
I saw Hillary. I saw certain people. And
so, you know, it's interesting
the visions that I have and the way the
Lord shows me things. And I'm
pretty bold about what I see. I don't
ever really hold back a whole lot. But I
tell you this, I want you to see it
again. I want you to hear what he says
again because this is the poster boy for Mamdani.
This guy right here was on Alex
Jones yesterday and Alex Jones was raising a fuss—everything.
I thought it
was hilarious. Alex Jones was hilarious
yesterday. He should go viral for that.
But go ahead and play it again.
You need to see that.
"This is the Islamic Republic of New
York. Yeah,
Islam will be in every household.
Inshallah, the whole world is Muslim.
Welcome to Mamdani's, New York.
You see this city? You see how it looks? Insha'Allah,
your city looks just like this,
too."What
was it? And where is it? He said
Sharia law.
Yeah, Sharia law.
So, we have Sharia law
over his city, huh? In America,
where's the NYPD?
I guess it's their First Amendment
right, right? They get to say what they
want to say.
But all right. So, go ahead. Move on.
And then he wanted to
have a meeting with...
so, he goes around our president's back
as a mayor. Not even a governor, a
mayor, a little man on the totem—a mayor—and
says we're going to
represent America. He wants to go and
talk to Iran. Now look at what happened.
This just happened today.
New York City mayor's office is
under fire after Zohran Mamdani's
international affairs commissioner
reportedly made plans to meet with
Iran's UN ambassador earlier this week.
The timing could not have been worse.
And the New York Post reporting this:
"The scheduled meeting would have
unfolded after Iranian troops fired
missiles at two commercial ships
traversing the Strait of Hormuz."An
action Monday in direct defiance of an
interim peace agreement between the US
and Iran. Mayor Mamdani was asked about
this at a news conference today. Watch.
"That meeting did not take place. It will
not take place and I did not know about
it until there was a press inquiry
regarding it. And when it comes to the
work of our commissioner and our
international affairs office, it's to
ensure that as we are a city of the
world that we are also there to meet
with leaders from across the world.
The focus is always on our city and
our relationship. The commissioner
recognizes that this was an error
and we're working on a new process in
terms of new meeting requests."A
new process? What about competence?
All right, move on.
Okay.
So, we have China
wanting to make it where the
asteroids and comets, whatever...
they're making a plan to stop the major
rocks from coming in.
They want to know when they're coming.
China plans to build a warning system to
spot dangerous asteroids. We already
have that.
They're trying to warn you. I've told
you I saw one coming in. I could
actually tell you where it was in the
sky and God gave me the actual name
of it.
And it was mathematical...
I saw some letters
in there and like I said,
I'm not educated enough to know what I'm
seeing. A lot of times I just see
it and I tell Diana and Braden,
"This is what I'm seeing."But I saw where
it was in the sky and it's actually
headed here and the Lord said, "You won't
stop it."It was big and he said it
will actually penetrate. It will come
through and hit the earth.
So
they want this all done before 2027
to nudge an asteroid off course by
striking it with something similar to NASA's DART
mission. Yeah, test.
The test is planned for 2027.
That's probably the one that the Lord
showed me that will actually hit in 2027 or
next year because it's getting close and
it was a massive rock.
All right, go ahead.
And then they came up with a new satellite,
microwave satellite.
Okay, a new Chinese defense study.
What's that? What's a microwave
satellite?
I don't know. Saying that they
are
capable of generating 100 gigawatts. They claim
they can disable or damage low Earth
orbit satellites
like Starlink.
Yeah. So they said they can take those
out
with that thing.
Yeah.
So China doesn't like it that Starlink's
flying over their head. So they want to
make Elon Musk upset.
They said that Japan...
okay. Just in Japan.
Wow.
So, they're being the Sooners.
Yeah.
Just like the Lord said.
Well, Bitcoin-backed digital credit
products. So, this
company is
equivalent to Asia's MicroStrategy,
they're saying. So they're
like a MicroStrategy to Michael Saylor
for
Asia. So for Asia people, this is their MicroStrategy.
So instead of
having Michael over here, they
have their own over there.
So what are they going to do with
it, son?
July 10, 2026. So this just
happened.
Yes.
So they're wanting to start buying
Bitcoin.
Yeah, I guess so.
So Bitcoin-backed.
So just like the Lord said, he said, "Watch
Japan for they will be the Sooners with
South Korea and you'll see them rise up
first and you'll hear them doing things
and putting things just like we heard
them say about the digital currency."What
country was that? Was that
South Korea or Japan?
It
just happened with the
Asian man talking, being so excited, saying
it passed. That was a couple of days ago.
That was Taiwan;
Taiwan did it. So,
Taiwan is
jumping on the boat first.
It's
interesting. It's all going in
line for the new digital age.
It's going to come out of the wild, just
like the Lord said. It will come out of
the Wild West and into a civilized
society. For right now, it is a Wild
West, and it is being restrained.
When this happens, it
will come into a modern society.
I saw a black line, and I saw all
this new crypto. The Lord said crypto is
old news. AI with crypto is old
news. He said, 'What you're about to see
is quantum computing at a higher level
than we've ever seen.'Quantum
computing. I saw computers that were
smart computers that make the computers
we use right now look like
a child's toy.
This thing is about to
take on a metamorphosis
compared to what we've ever seen before
with technological advancements.
I saw breakthroughs in cancer
treatment where they will say, 'We have the
cure for cancer, we have the cure for
Alzheimer's, we have a cure for Parkinson's,'all
this stuff.
I'm just saying major breakthroughs in science. I asked
why they are
doing this. He said, 'Because they want
you to trust it.
They want you to embrace it.'And
when people have cures to something
that eliminated family members who
went home early because they had cancer
or whatever, and all of a sudden you have
a cure that you can take over the counter—like going
to Walmart and buying it and
just popping it—well, it gets
rid of that. It becomes
something of the past. He said cancer
and things like that will be
something of the past, like polio. You
can take a shot or whatever.
There will be a modern wave of
healing developments that will come,
and people will embrace it. They'll say,
'This is our friend.'But I saw a demon
take itself and wrap itself around the
internet waves. That was a demon with
horns. And the Lord said, 'Remember I
told you 2027,
2028,
2029, and 2030.'A socialist control will
come over the internet
waves. I saw it spread
throughout Canada and throughout
Europe. And the Lord said it will grab a
hold of livestreaming,
and you'll not be able to say all that
you want to say anymore with your First
Amendment right. I saw a spider
build its web and start to wrap our
First Amendment rights concerning
freedom of speech and what you're able
to say freely over the internet like I'm
doing right now. It
wrapped around it and built a web,
like you see a spider
wrap around a fly in its web. It
was eating it and it started to web it.
It was trying to get to the Second
Amendment,
but it was having a hard time breaking through
this black line that had
come across our amendments.
I saw it trying to pick at the
Second Amendment, but it couldn't get
through yet. Listen, watch that.
It was trying to wrap it,
but it couldn't. I saw it
wrapping the First Amendment. I saw
socialistic control coming over the
internet in the days ahead. And I saw
again a breaking of the church,
separating from this. And the Lord said,
'Work while it is day, for night is
coming when no one can work.'I
saw TV becoming popular again, or
live TV trying to become popular,
because
the internet was being regulated so
much with this demon wrapping around it.
It looked like tentacles wrapping around
the internet waves, like on
YouTube.
What is this? This is in
passing so I can read your messages and
stuff.
Okay, so this is what the Lord showed
us.
It's already happening. A
majority of European lawmakers voted
against letting big tech read our
messages. They're going to anyway. They're going to be
able to see
all your private stuff on your
computers
in Europe, and you can't stop
them. They voted to pass it, and
they're going to let them. Am I understanding it
right?
That's right. Except they're
saying that
they can't get into WhatsApp.
They're going to look at your
Instagram, your private emails,
your X; they'll be able to go in
through back doors and look at all your
private stuff. There is no privacy.
Well, there really isn't any privacy
now, but now they're just telling you
that they're able to do it.
Just letting you know, you don't have any
privacy, and 'we're going to look through
all your laundry, so you
better have your stuff clean.'It's
coming,
especially in Europe; Europe
passed this this week.
It just happened. This goes along
with the word the Lord gave us
four or five weeks ago.
The
Lord said, 'Watch going into 2027,
2028, 2029, and 2030.'It
was a different AI.
It was like nuts. It was
great darkness
concerning the internet. And people go,
'You're speaking fear.'No,
I'm trying to warn you.
It's time for you to wake up. We are in
the last of the last days. Jesus Christ
is coming. Do you understand? All of
this is being set up for the beast
system. The digital age,
everything is being set up. Jesus is
coming.
Sharia law is coming.
They're doing it one bite
at a time. The Islamic Brotherhood, I
said, they're going to start burning
your churches in New York
and
Chicago. Thousand-year-old
churches are going to
burn in Europe.
Watch what happens. Hundred-year-old
churches burning in America.
Look, show them again. This is what I
told you is coming.
I saw holes in the Statue of Liberty, and
it was burning from within.
I saw a storm coming upon our nation,
a shaking. I told you,
'They're going to start burning your churches.'And
look, it's happened just
like the Lord told you. They're setting
them on fire.
And the Lord said, 'A giant will wake up
called the church.'This
goes with Tommy Hicks's vision. A
giant will rise up in the last days
called the church. We're going to
see not just Charismatics,
but
a shaking in the Catholic church,
the Baptist church, and
the Church of Christ. We're
going to see the rise of the body of
Christ joining together like wartime.
We're not going to have petty
differences and say, 'Well, you pray
in tongues and you believe in divine
healing, or you let music in your church.'No,
we come together as a body. We
work and operate as a body, and we put
away our petty differences. We may
believe differently, but we are all
under the umbrella of 'I
was once lost, but now I'm found. I was
blind, but now I see, and Jesus saved a
wretch like me.'I'm telling you, that's
where we all should be. Who cares
about all the other stuff? I was blind,
but now I see. I was lost, but now I'm
found, because Jesus Christ saved a
wretch like me.
It was by grace. They're burning
your churches just like the Lord said.
Here it is.
They're burning the church just like
the Lord said.
Mysterious.
But the Lord said it will wake
up a giant. They will overplay
their hand,
and we'll see more and more of
it.
It's time for the church to wake up
and preach the Gospel like we've never
preached it before. It's time for the
church to rise up and preach repentance
and holiness. For there will be no
revival without true repentance.
There will be no Great Awakening
without true repentance. If my people
who are called by my name will humble
themselves and pray.
He didn't say if the world; he said if
His church would.
If the church will humble themselves and
pray and turn from their wicked ways. He
didn't say live like a harlot; he said,
'Turn from your wicked ways.
Turn.
Repent.
Jesus is coming.'And
I'm telling you, I shout it from the mountaintops;
I shout it from the
valleys. I'm telling you with all my
heart, I know you can see as the signs
of the times are all around us. And he
said, 'Watch the fig tree, for the figs
are ripe.'And I heard the angel say to
me, 'Look at the fig tree, Brandon.'And
the figs were massive on
this fig tree. And he said, 'They're
ripe. It's time. Do you see it?'For
Ezekiel 38 and 39 is right at the
door.
Why are they doing that? See, they're
burning the churches.
Show them again.
Yeah,
I know, but you've got to show them at the
beginning.
They want to put their synagogues and
their things in there. These idiots want
to burn down our churches.
See, he can't get it lit. Wouldn't it be
funny if that thing popped in his hand?
Said, 'Don't do it.'Where's the police
at arresting these idiots?
Oh, well,
keep going.
Okay. They said they're a nuclear site
again. They're back at it.
Iran saying, 'Oh, we're going to build
it again.'They
don't care; they're
going to do what they want to do.
President Trump is wasting his time.
These people are hell-bent on
destroying Israel
and destroying America.
That sounded cool, huh?
Okay, go ahead.
And then Byron—now
this man, I'm telling you, I
pray for this man—Byron met with a
pastor in Miami, and I'm telling you,
he's a God-fearing man that loves the
Lord. Byron, I'm praying he wins by a
landslide in Florida.
That's who I'm telling you. The hand of
the Lord is on him. So, we're going to
keep praying for Byron. Byron,
right? Yeah, that's a fire.
Go ahead. What is this?
Israel found in Lebanon, but they
weren't cross-border; they were just
tunnels in Lebanon.
So, these are tunnels in Lebanon that
Israel found.
Yeah, they have military stuff;
they're making
probably missiles and stuff in them.
Yeah. Mortars,
RPGs, launchers, and
stuff.
I said I saw an attack coming in the
night that was worse than October
7th,
right? October 7th.
Yeah. I thought it might have been a
third. I just want to quote my dates
right.
There's so many dates floating around.
Okay. It was worse than October 7th.
I saw it happening in the middle of the
night, but it was with
chemical weapons.
Okay, keep going.
I believe... Okay, then Trump said if
a thousand missiles are locked and
loaded and aimed at the Islamic Republic
of Iran with thousands and thousands
more to immediately follow
on threatening.
Just go ahead and send them. They're not
going to stop. They say, 'Kill America'all
the time. We've got to get rid
of the regime. It's Reza Pahlavi.
I've seen Reza Pahlavi, and that's what
the Lord said: pray for Reza Pahlavi. Is that
right? Reza
Pahlavi.
I saw they will try to
assassinate him in the days
ahead, Reza Pahlavi. And I saw him rising
up behind a microphone and talking
to the people, and they would try to
shoot, and I saw it go through
his shoulder and go through his neck,
just like I saw with Bibi.
And so, okay, Reza
Pahlavi.
And so, okay, you have anything else?
No, that's it.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
There's so much going on in the news, so
it's been interesting.
He said if he's assassinated, then he's...
Who?
Trump. That's it. Trump said...
it's not Trump you should be concerned
about right now. I see a covering of a
hedge of a wall of the blood of Jesus
around Trump, and I keep seeing it as I
prayed today. The Lord said to me, he
said it's his kids.
I saw Don Jr. specifically. I've been
praying for him all day today. You need
to lift up Don Jr. specifically,
and Ivanka and Kai, the granddaughter.
I've been praying over these three the
most. If they can't get to Trump, I saw
his kids as a target, and I saw people
casing them,
following... they don't even know
it, but I saw people that had things,
that were taking pictures and trying to
follow his kids around, casing on
where they could get their kids. Don
Jr. specifically. The Lord said, 'Pray for Don
Jr.
Intercede for his life.
Pray for Kai, his daughter.
Pray for Ivanka. Pray for Tiffany. Pray
for Barron and Eric. Pray a covering
over, around, and about his kids and
judges.
The Supreme Court judges. Pray over the
judges. Pray over this because it's
about disruption of the government. Pray
over Marco Rubio. Pray over people who don't
have security like Trump has. I know
Trump's focused on Trump right now about
it. And I would too. I'd have probably
extra security too if I was Trump. But
you know, because these people are
threatening him. But it's not him that
they're after as much as they are his
children. I'm telling you, I've seen it
again today. The Lord said, 'Pray for Trump.'And
I was driving around and
said, 'Who are you praying for?'I
said,
'I'm praying for
Don Jr. We must pray for Don Jr.'So
that's what I want. Our main mission
tonight is to pray for New York and
the fires that I saw, for I saw a gypsy
cart going back and forth at a full moon,
bouncing back with the cart. It was out
of control with a candle burning back
and forth in a gypsy cart, and I saw
snowflakes flying. And the Lord said,
'Well, look at this time frame.'And I
saw the moon,
but the gypsy cart was rocking back and
forth. Now I know this is symbolic. I'm
trying to figure this out,
as I see in part.
What does the gypsy cart represent,
going down Times Square?
And the gypsy cart and the
candle was burning and moving in the
gypsy cart, and there was no horse
running this cart, but it was moving down
and forward and there was rioting and I saw
fire and I saw holes in the Statue of
Liberty and I saw it burning from within.
And then I saw the Statue of Liberty
had a weird light, and
it wasn't a flame anymore; it became
a weird light coming out of the
Statue of Liberty.
And I see these things and I pray. And
so I appreciate y'all being
here and taking prayer seriously. The Lord
said we will raise up a million men and
women to pray over the nations, and in
doing so we will change things. And I
truly believe that that's what we're
doing. And titles and all
that other stuff don't matter to me. I
just don't want to be flaky. I want to,
you know, humble yourself and do
the best you can and you keep pressing
on and we keep marching onward.
Christian soldiers, we are marching and
we're pressing in, and we're going to
find everything the Lord has to show us.
We pray that it's accurate and that it's
not flaky. We pray that
there's a covering over this nation.
That our law enforcement uncovers
every plot, every plan, every pursuit
across this land from sea to shining
sea. That the blood of Jesus covers this
nation and no weapon formed against this
nation will prosper. We believe in the
covenant that God's given us, that we are
able to sit with him in heavenly places
far above all principalities. That as he
is, so are we in this world.
Jesus Christ gave us authority to tread
on serpents and scorpions, and nothing
shall by any means hurt us. So in these
last days, we have to take our
authority. We have to take our rightful
place.
I talked to Pastor Candace and them; we were
talking about
when you know, you know. The devil knows
when you know versus when you're a
parrot. When you read 'The Authority of
the Believer'and Sister Billye's book, 'The Authority of the Believer', and
a lot of times, you know,
like reading 'Prayer and Understanding Prayer'by
Father Nash, this book, and
reading some of these others
like Sister Billye has, and this
is another one. If you don't understand
Tongues, get the book Why Tongues by Kenneth E. Hagin. Do
you understand what I'm
doing? You say, "What is he doing?
He's talking gibberish."No, I'm praying
in the spirit. And if you
don't know much about praying in tongues,
get Why Tongues by Kenneth E. Hagin.
You can find it for free on the
internet. There are people
reading it to you on YouTube,
and you just educate yourself. Get
the book Why Tongues, though; it's a good
one. You've got
to know who you are, for one.
That's why I was telling her,
Pastor Candace and Dino are
talking to her.
It's easy to parrot something, but you can quote—well, I quote Kathryn Kuhlman,
you can quote Billye
Brim and
these people—and they talk about
the authority of the believer. You can
talk about it, but it's when you have a
revelation of it and it's a rhema word
inside of you that it works. You can't
say, "Paul I know,"but who
are you? The devil knew
every one of the disciples. He knew
them, but he didn't know the seven
sons of Sceva.
He didn't know them, and he said, "Who
are you?"And they tore them up,
beat them up, and bloodied them all up
because they were parroting something that
wasn't a revelation inside of them.
You have to understand who you are. I'm
not going to parrot something that Billye
says and not have a rhema knowledge of
it. It's a book, and that book—"Faith
cometh by hearing, and hearing by the
Word of God."And the only way you're
going to get it down inside of you is by
reading it, meditating on it, and putting
the word to it. It's the word that you
know that will set you free. You'll know the
truth, and the truth of God's word will
set you free. If you don't have a
revelation of it yourself and you're
just parroting something and you're reading it—and
it's not lighting
inside of you and
not coming up out
of you as a rhema word—the
devil knows when you know.
He knows when you know, or if you're just parroting
something.
That's why you have to practice
His presence. Get in His word.
His words are life
to those that find them and health to
all their flesh. It will change you from
the inside out. It's only the
word that you know that gets
inside of you rhema that will help and
change you from the inside out.
It's life whenever you find it. But
you've got to find it.
You've got to put it down inside of you. You've
got to say it out of your mouth. Your
mountain has to hear your voice.
You say, "Well, I've heard that before."Yeah,
you're parroting something to
somebody else, like
Mark Hankins. You're parroting
something like Mark Hankins. Your
mountain has to hear your voice.
You hear it; it sounds
good. I like what Mark Hankins said,
so I quote it out of my mouth. But does
it have a rhema inside of you? Brother Hagin
said it; that sounded good.
I like what Brother Hagin said.
But is it rhema inside of you? Do you
know who you are?
And the only way you're going to know it
is by getting in the word of God and
listening. I listen to Brother Hagin
all the time. You listen to Brother Hagin
and some of these others. You just
keep feeding on the word. Faith cometh
by hearing, and you keep meditating on it
and you keep getting it down inside of
you. You read the book and you read it
again. You read
your Bible and find the
scriptures that he's talking about in
here, and find it over here and go,
"Well, it actually says that."Either
you are a believing believer or
you're a doubter. I'm a believing
believer that is not
going to parrot what somebody else says.
I may parrot it for a little bit until
it becomes real inside of me, but I want
to know that whenever I say, "Get out of
the way, devil,"he's going to run.
Submit yourself therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee.
I want to submit myself therefore
unto God. I'm going to resist the devil
and he's going to flee. Well, what if
he's not fleeing? I'm going still
submit myself. I'm going to get in this word and I'm
going to
quote it, and it's going
to become rhema inside of me when
the devil comes and he's looking at me
and saying, "I'm going to devour
you today, buddy."And I say, "No,
you're not. No, you're not."I remember
John Osteen had a sermon about
authority, and he was talking about
the bully in the schoolyard.
He marked the list out and he said that
the bully came up there and had all
the people that he could whip; he
wrote his name down. All the
names were on there of all the people
that he said he could whip, and he had
marked off the names that he already
whipped. And he said, "My name's on there?
You're not going to whip me.
You're not going to whip me. You can't
whip me. You're not big enough to whip me."So
the devil has your name on his
list, and he's coming up knocking on your
door and saying, "Today's your day."Today's
not the day, and
I'm not the one. You better move on.
But you only are able to do that when
you realize that as He is, so am I in
this world—that I'm seated with Him in
the heavenlies far above all
principalities. Oh, the greater one
lives on the inside of me. I believe.
I'm a believing believer that's fully
persuaded that what God has promised,
He's able also to perform it. If He said
He'd protect me and my wife and my kids,
I believe it.
And you say, "Well, Brandon, are you
having a rough day with that today?"Yeah, there are
some days,
but that's when you've got to get in there
even when
you're being tested by it. I'm
not telling you I've got it all down and
I'm perfect at this, but
I try and I keep picking myself up when I skin
my knee and I fall. I say, "Man, you
know, it didn't work like I wanted it
to."But
you know what? I pick myself up and
I say, "Tomorrow's going to be
better."I
submitted myself therefore unto God, and
it didn't feel like he left. He
didn't flee; it felt like he was
laughing at me.
You know what? I keep trying. You've got to
keep trying. You've got to keep pushing. You've
got to keep standing when all there
else to do is stand. Stand. Therefore,
I'm telling you, in the name of Jesus
Christ of Nazareth, you better get out
of here now in the name of Jesus. You've
got to keep standing. You've got to
keep believing. I'm not a doubter. I'm
an overcomer. Faith calls those things
that be not as though they were.
I call myself free. I call myself
healed. I call myself prosperous. I call
myself delivered. By His stripes, I'm
healed. I'm not moved by what I see. I'm
not moved by what I feel. I'm moved by
what the word of God says.
I'm healed. I'm whole. I'm well.
He'll test it.
Is it real to you?
Are you just parroting
what Smith Wigglesworth said?
It's the truth that you know that will
set you free. You'll know the truth, and
the truth will set you free. And all
these things going on around us right
now, the signs of the times—I
want to be on the right side of it. I
want to be at that place
where the glory comes out. I want
to be underneath that waterfall. I want
to stand there and say, "Jesus, rain on
me.
Here am I, Lord, use
me."They're
desperate. They're hungry. They
need a touch from you. Here we are,
Lord. We are your closers.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers
are few.
I want to be at that place where you
say, "Hey,
you qualify. Come on, let's do this."So
I hope today you are encouraged—not
discouraged with
all the radical craziness going on—but
knowing that we're looking up, and we
know the fig tree is ripe, and we are
looking up for our redemption draws
nigh.
He's coming. Ladies and gentlemen,
it's time to be busy about our Father's
business. We work while it is day, for
night is coming when no one else can
work. When you won't be able to work,
it's going to be dark. You're going to
go, 'I wish I should have, could have,
would have.'It's too late.
Let's be busy about what God's called us
to do today: telling our neighbors,
telling the people we come across in
Walmart. You don't have to be Bible
thumping and hitting people in the head
with the Bible all the time. Show them
Jesus without words.
Show Jesus
to the person you go to at
McDonald's or wherever you go to drink
or whatever. I'm coming through the
drive-through. You don't have to be rude
to people. Show them Jesus.
All right, praise the Lord. So,
let's pray now. There's 5,100 of you;
that's pretty good. It's a different
time frame, but it's
interesting because every single time,
it must be the ones that have
their notifications on. We're always
trying.
They're saying that
after container ships, they
fired it.
They need to stop the nonsense so we can
go and liberate Cuba.
We need revival in Cuba.
It's 6:30. How long have we
been talking?
An hour.
All right. So, who wants to pray?
Father,
we just thank you for your body,
Lord. We thank you for all that you've
done,
all that you continue to do. And we
thank you, Lord, for our
generation.
We're about to see one of the greatest
moves of God we've ever seen before,
that any generation has ever seen
before. I thank you that it makes Azusa
Street look like something
small. Father, I thank you, Lord, that Azusa
Streets will be all over America.
I thank you, Father, that it's not just
one spot, but Father, you'll do it in
Europe, you'll do it in Asia, you'll do
it in South America. You're going to do
it all throughout everywhere. I
thank you, Father, there will be pillars
of fire, pillars of glory upon the
nations in the days ahead. And that as
the people walk underneath that
umbrella,
Father, the healings and the
demonstrations and the manifestations
will flow out of us that you will get
all the glory. You will get all the
honor and you will get all the praise.
You will share your glory
with no one.
And so, Father, we thank you, Lord, that
you've called us to the kingdom
for such a time as this.
And we humble ourselves underneath your
mighty hand and we thank you, Father, that
healing belongs to us in Jesus'name.
Deliverance belongs to us in Jesus'name
and we take this and we say, 'By your
stripes we're healed.'Thank you for the
blood. Lord,
we make much of the blood and the
blood makes much of us. And we take this
communion right now and we thank you,
Father, that it never loses its power.
Jesus is a healer, Jesus is a deliverer. And
Father, I thank you that it's the blood
that set us free.
Thank you
for the blood.
We make much of the blood and we take
the blood right now in Jesus'name. And
we plead the blood over our
finances, our family, our children, or
even my pets. Father, I thank you, Lord,
our car, whatever we have, Father,
that no weapon formed against us would
prosper. A thousand shall fall at our
side and 10,000 at our right hand, but
nothing shall come nigh us. And Father,
if there's anything you want to show us
tonight as we pray, I plead the blood of
Jesus over my eyes
that I yield to you, Holy
Spirit, uninterrupted and unhindered by
any satanic or demonic force. I plead
the blood that I hear your voice and a
stranger's voice I will not follow. I
plead the blood over anything that you
show me tonight, Father, that I might
not be snared by any satanic or demonic
force. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
I'm yielded to you in every area of my
life. I yield to the anointing of
the watchmen, the anointing of the
prophetic. I yield to whatever you have
for us, Father, tonight in the name of
Jesus. And we plead the blood over us.
Amen. Amen.
Okay, let's dip in the river.
Holy Spirit,
I need you. I can't do this without you.
And I know you don't want me to.
I yield.
Pray through me and teach me to pray
today.
The glory is here.
The glory.
Oh, the glory
is here.
Yes, the glory
I can sense his
mighty presence
in the very
atmosphere.
For whatever you may need,
reach out
and receive
and say, 'It's mine.
I take it
now.'I
see a door
and so I'm going to open it.
I open it by faith. What is this door?
Lord,
it's just a wooden door.
It looks like an old oak door. Sometimes
the door when I walk up to it
spirals.
It's just a carpenter door.
But it's not a square door; it's an arched
door. It goes round like this.
I went right up to China and I could
see on the border of China now.
And
the Lord said, 'Don't
go ahead of
me.'Master,
oh, the glory
is here.
Lord, I don't have anywhere else to
be,
so I sit at your feet.
I see what you're saying.
And there's so much here that you want
done.
We have work to be done.
Turn that fan on me, hun.
The Lord says you can choose
to be here for a little bit or you can
choose to accomplish what I've asked you
to do.
He said there will
be people that
are birthed today in the spirit. They
will
be
birthing it today
in your house, in your
car.
Yield to what the Holy Spirit's telling
you to pray today
over
your city, for your town where you're
at. Birth it today.
You have authority over your territory of what
God has placed in you on your heart over
where God has placed you and rooted you.
Birth it today.
For you're in your area of your
place of authority;
it's
territorial.
And as we stretch our hands forth, we're
linking together as a mighty chain
across the nations.
And I see a bubble of influence of where
you are in your place of authority, and
a chain goes from that and that's
pulling together as a dome. It looks
like an octagon of every single one of
your areas and there's chains that are
linking you on all sides as we are
linking up together in the spirit realm
and it's pulling it together as one
big bubble. Your little
bubble connects to the other bubbles and
it creates a big bubble. And the
Lord says, 'You connect in
prayer.'As
you bring your supply in the
spirit realm, you're connecting
together.
Don't just sit there and
listen to me pray. Add your supply to it
today. Add where you are, your realm of
influence, your neighborhood, your
church, your place. Add your supply.
When we're connecting all of it, see,
it's all like a puzzle piece.
We're all connected and we make one big
dome.
Now as I am seeing, the Lord
said to push it over to Minnesota.
I see Minnesota
concerning Omar and the corruption,
and over Stacey Abrams. I see Stacey; I see
a face
over Atlanta. Roots from
Atlanta.
The Lord said He put them on
notice.
I see green grass growing today; I see
a breakthrough today.
The
Lord said there
is a
great
breakthrough today concerning this in
Atlanta.
Call it forth today. I see
green grass growing today.
Oh, there will be an uncovering today.
Call forth an
uncovering of the darkness—an uncovering
you can't
shield, you can't hide; it's
right there. Open it up. It is an
opening up on the surface. The
Lord said it is just on the surface.
And
I see Byron. He
will not lose strength; he will not lose
hope. He will get wind in
his
sails.
Spiritual
warfare concerning this state.
I see a dragon coming against him—a
big, black dragon with
green ears.
I see a dragon coming
against Byron,
coming out of Miami. You are
losing your control; you are
going to
lose your influence.
Leon, you will
turn looking at me.
Oh Lord, we thank You for Your angels.
Isn't
it interesting about territorial spirits? I am
learning something right now. It is
about territorial; it is
only allowed to stick its neck so
far, and it couldn't get past
Florida. I saw it stuck there,
looking and blowing fire, but
it was stuck in Florida because it is
territorial. It is
something about the area. It is
attached to Miami somehow through
witchcraft.
There is a strongman,
a principality over
that area. I could see the
principality there, but he was only
territorial concerning this area.
The Lord said it is important
to be where I have called you to be.
But we have power and authority over
all when you are living in that area.
I see
that. That is
why it is like an umbrella,
a dome.
When we all pray together
as the body corporate, corporate prayer—the
effectual
fervent
prayer of
the righteous availeth
much. Find that
scripture.
I could see that thing; it has a long
neck.
That devil has a long neck. He is in a
lot of stuff in Florida, but he has
scales and is green with green on
his ears and really evil eyes.
It looks ombré—black
with gray
scales. Confess your faults one to
another and pray one for another that ye
may be healed. The effectual fervent
prayer of a righteous man availeth much.
James 5:16.
We cover him. We thank
You, Lord. He is strong; he will
finish his race strong. He will
win by a
landslide. We thank You, Lord. You are
raising up great
leaders in these last days,
voices that are louder.
I see a storm again. You
say, 'Brandon, you see the storm all the time.'I
see a plague.
The Lord said there are strategic
people, like it was with COVID, having the
right governors and mayors in your towns
for what is coming—having
strategic people that will stand
when it comes to lockdowns and how they
handle churches in the days to come. Pray
for the right people in
your areas.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, can we stop it
all the way?'I have not been able to
see that we can stop this, but
we can weaken it.
I see it again
like I did with COVID. It is the same
thing: having the right people.
We thank You, Lord, for
strengthening Byron today. We thank You,
Lord, that You strengthen Byron
today.
We yield to that anointing today.
Florida
will be strong.
Minnesota
Atlanta will be strong. We thank You,
Lord. It will
stay red; it will flip
red.
We will not
lose the Senate; we will not lose the
House. We will not lose these places of
government. We will rise up; there will be
a red wave, a stirring in the
people.
When I look at the top of that mountain,
you say, 'I'm not moved by
what I see. I'm not moved by what I
feel; I'm moved by what the Word is.'I
call the economy to turn around. I call for
the
Clarity Act to be passed. I call for the economy
to be stimulated in the name of Jesus. He will
not be a stagnant, lame-duck
president.
I see that fat snapping turtle again.
Do you remember the fat snapping
turtle?
I saw it on a pendant, on the
needle.
The fat snapping turtle was up on its
backside, and it was
concerning 9/11. This
is
a
fat turtle
concerning 9/11 and Rosh
Hashanah. There is
something here.
We thank You, Lord.
Mario,
you don't realize the strategic
places that will make you keep the
Senate. That's what the Lord said.
Pray in the realm of the spirit
about keeping the
Senate—praying
in the spirit about the
races that will be close. The Lord said there are races
that will try to be close over Minnesota. It will be
the first time in Oklahoma
in a long time that it will try to flip
blue concerning your governor. You
will
have a state divided. It
is
going to go from Altus all the way
up to Miami. It will
be the first time in a
long time there is an opportunity
for a state divided to try to flip blue.
A 'conservative Democrat'—that's what they are going to
try to call it.
We don't know the difference between the
liberal and the conservative; it is
too close. It's a state divided. I
hear
'conservative
Democrat'concerning
Oklahoma, trying to flip
blue for the first time
since Brad Henry.
I'm telling you, you
better pray over your state.
They'll be very lenient concerning
abortion laws,
especially in the second two years if
they win the term.
Especially in the last two years
concerning flipping things more blue and
turning away.
You say, "No, no, no,
it's about Norman and
certain places in Tulsa."It is
trying to take a
hold of that, trying to take care of your
Senate seats.
Get out of my state! Get out of
my state!
You
can't do it. No, get out of my
state!
I see they're concerning this to try to
impeach Trump,
raising up enough voices to try to
impeach Trump.
But
they say, as a diplomatic way—more civilized—as
a
diplomatic way.
I see the judges; it's so important
to you all. This election is so important
concerning the next two
years.
You say, "Well, Brandon, they
said it was important in 2024,"but
I'm telling you, even more so with
what they had planned.
It gives us a little bit more time to
stand.
We
thank you, Lord, that we have the Save
America Act passed
in Jesus'name.
Pass it!
It's like speaking into a
hole.
I just need to look at this for a
second.
The Save America Act is like
a big void,
but there's things outside of it—out of
this big circle—that
are bills that would be just as
significant for the days ahead if
they can get this stuff done right here.
It's outside of the membrane. The
membrane is a vast void
of the Save America Act. It's going to be
almost impossible to pass it; it's
going to take a lot of prayer.
But there's things outside
of this void
that are easier to
pass that will help save America. Does
that make sense? It's things that you
think are less effective or
not as important,
but many of them altogether form a
stronger barrier.
Focus on these little things if you
can't pass the big thing. Don't get
stuck on the big thing.
Pass some of this; it
gives you a buffer.
The
Clarity Act needs
to be passed.
It's about the finances and
the
pocketbooks of Americans.
How many votes do you need to
pass Save America?
I see so many of these RINOs.
They're strong RINOs with blue
backbones.
All things are possible to him who believes.
"Brandon,
we believe to flip this thing."We
believe it's not impossible.
You're the God that specializes
in the impossible.
What seems to be impossible, you
specialize in it.
He said, "Just believe me for it. I
didn't ask you to do it, but to believe me
for it. Just believe me for
it."When
you stand up against that wall,
believe me for it.
I believe you,
Father, you can flip
this. I believe
you can work on the hearts.
Nothing
is impossible to him who believes.
Father,
forgive me for my unbelief.
I believe that mountain's not
that big.
I believe
that you can flip the hearts.
Just believe me for it. Just rejoice in me
for it.
I believe I receive Oklahoma
red. I believe we're not going
Democratic; we're going to stay in the
right realm of where we're supposed
to be concerning abortion and
these things.
Thank you, Lord.
Give Trump strength tonight. He's
not weary in well-doing. You give Trump strength tonight. He's not weary in well-doing. I pray,
strengthen him; strength in his bones.
He'll finish his race.
Every plot,
every plan, every pursuit across this
land is brought to naught in the name of
Jesus. Upon his family, upon him, upon
J.D. Vance, upon his wife, upon
Marco Rubio, upon our judges. We pray
over our 911 system.
Uncovering of every plot, every plan,
every wicked thing to try to come across
this land, we apply the blood.
How do you eat an elephant? One bite at
a time. You don't get discouraged
about all that you see.
All's well.
Father, we thank
you, Lord.
You're stirring in our leaders.
We thank you, Lord, for
turning in this situation.
Every plot, every plan
concerning this
nation—things
we see and things we cannot see—we
thank you, Lord. Even the surface level,
an uncovering
in
Jesus'name.
Father, we thank you for Europe. We
thank you for
a greater revival,
a stirring in the
hearts
all across Europe and Africa. Father, I thank
you
for a stirring in the
people across the nations.
A great revival
starts with us.
I'm trying to find direction
because all of it flashes before me
concerning the
war—Iran,
Europe, what's
happening with Poland, the finances
of the nations. You can scattershot
something
and think you know the direction in your
natural mind where the Holy Spirit
wants you to flow in prayer because you
see all the things you see.
But you need to be led by the
Spirit because He knows what's pressing
more than you do.
When you're led by the Spirit,
you're yielded. It doesn't
matter what you think you should
be praying over because He knows better
than you, regardless of your mind saying,
"I think you should pray over the
World Cup
or
the
hurricanes."Your
natural mind perceiveth not the things
of God.
That's why I say I have to yield my
soul because I'm seeing all these things
as a watchman.
The Lord said you pray
over these elections because of how
important it is,
even for Oklahoma.
That's why I was interceding for it.
You can
steer it in prayer, especially when you
have so many people praying with you.
You can steer it and you can pray over
it. I see Minnesota, Atlanta, and
Byron, and these are the hotspots,
even Oklahoma tonight.
I'm praying over
those, but I'm thinking,
"Lord, what's pressing with Iran right
now trying to take out our president?"But
it's only surface
concerning President Trump; it's more
about his son.
It's like President Trump is shielded,
but I see to pray over his son,
his kids, and his
grandkids, praying over him and
over the rest of the summer
going into 9/11,
praying into this timeframe
going into the fall.
Keep covering dates unknown. I'm
praying into
the 9-1-1
system, praying over our emergency
system
in Chicago,
our 9-1-1 system in Chicago and
in Boston, praying over disruptions.
It's
interesting because
I just go, "Okay, Lord, is this where
you want me to go today?
Is this thing shifting?"Pray
into these elections. It's so
important concerning the Senate and a lame-duck
presidency;
if they get both to impeach, pray over
the next two years. It's
interesting how
every time is so different,
praying with y'all corporately
instead of my own personal prayer life.
When I'm praying in the
car with Diana for finances to
break forth for projects and
for the Clarity Act—but as I saw a name come forth,
it was the Save America Act—to
pray for these things that were
attached to it. They were like
support systems, like
a big boulder that needs
support systems. I saw that if
you could do support systems to the Clarity
Act, it would help structure it so that
it's not so out of control. It makes it
so it can't roll. It
was like little support systems,
almost like
you put stuff
behind your wheels in your car so it
can't roll.
I saw
praying in support systems concerning
the Save
America Act.
That's why because of the void of what I saw—I
saw blue, I saw people with
backbones that are
influenced by lobbyists.
They're lobbying against it. "We
don't want Save America."Why? Because
they're corrupt. It's interesting.
So they're praying
over Iran and all this. You've got
to push; it's pushing harder
in prayer,
going higher.
Father, we just thank you.
Father, you're so
worthy.
Glory to God.
Holy, holy, holy Lord,
that we come up higher with you.
We come up
to the throne of God.
Here
I am,
humbled by your majesty,
covered by your grace, so free.
Here
I am,
knowing that I'm your desire,
sanctified by glory and fire.
And now
I found the greatest love of all
is mine,
since you laid down your life,
the greatest sacrifice.
Majesty,
majesty,
your grace has found me just as I am. It's Delirious?; it's an older song from the early 2000s. Here I am, humbled by your majesty, covered by your grace, so free. And here I am, knowing I'm a sinful man, covered by the blood of the Lamb. And now I found the greatest love of all is mine, since you laid down your life, the greatest sacrifice. Majesty, majesty, your grace has found me just as I am, empty-handed but alive in your hand. It's on the water. It's always on the water. I see the water. I thank you. So here I stand, humbled by the love that you give, forgiven so that I can forgive. So here I stand, knowing that I'm your desire, sanctified by glory and fire. And now I found the greatest love of all is mine, since you laid down your life, the greatest sacrifice. Majesty, majesty, your grace has found me just as I am,
empty-handed
but alive in your hand.
Majesty,
majesty,
forever I am changed by your love
in the presence of your majesty.
In the presence
of your majesty,
knowing that I'm your desire, Lord,
sanctified by glory and fire.
We thank you, Father,
that we're not outside looking in,
that we're sitting on your lap
and we're just listening to your
breathing.
And all these things that are pressing...
I take the care out of my prayer
and I just quiet myself
and I just sit in your lap
and I listen to you breathing.
I humble myself before you
I can smell it; the fragrance of the
Lord.
I can smell the fragrance of the Lord
as I hear the heartbeat of the Spirit.
What is on the heartbeat?
What's pressing on you today?
I can smell it:
your breath, Father, your breath as you
breathe,
the sweet fragrance.
So here
I stand,
humbled by the love that you give,
forgiven so that I can forgive.
So here
I
stand,
knowing that I'm your desire,
sanctified by glory and fire.
And now
I found
the greatest love of all
is mine, since you laid down your life,
the greatest sacrifice.
Majesty,
majesty,
your grace has found me just as I am,
empty-handed
but alive in your hand.
Majesty,
majesty,
forever I am changed by your love.
In the presence of your majesty,
in the presence
of your majesty.
Majesty,
I just want to sit with you, Lord.
There's so many people that need just a
fresh touch tonight,
and I just want to sit with you,
Jesus.
Forever I am changed by your love.
Oh Father, we worship you.
We humble ourselves,
and we pray and we turn from our wicked
ways,
and we thank you, Lord, that you heal our
land.
Majesty,
your grace has found me just as I am,
empty-handed
but alive in your hand.
Here
I stand,
humbled by your majesty.
I just thank you, Lord,
in that presence tonight.
We come up higher
in our prayer time with you.
I don't like it down here;
I know the difference so much.
You can pray down here or you
can pray up there, and it's elevating. The only way I know how to get there is by worship.
When I see all that I see
tonight, I go, "This needs the throne room
so much."You can pray surface—there's
so much surface prayer being prayed in
churches—but
then there's praying through.
When you pray through,
there's nothing like it. We have so much
corporate prayer that is just flat.
But
when you go up here,
there's nothing like it. It's
almost like when you
see a truck spinning in the
mud; there's
no traction and it's
throwing mud
everywhere. It seems
like you got someplace
because there's so much
mud, but then
you get some
traction and you get out of it.
You can throw a lot of mud, and that's
what it feels like
in some corporate
prayer
settings.
You can pray in tongues and yell in
tongues, but
it's not
about
the volume.
It's about the elevation
of the worship and
being still. There is
a lot of flapping your mouth, and that's
what I'm trying to teach you. I learn that a
lot of times, a lot of prayer is just that I
can hear Him and I don't have to say anything.
We just talk.
It's not always just flapping your
mouth. I do it now because it's awkward
on a camera in front
of 5,000 people, but you
learn to center yourself with Him and
just
be
still.
I tell you what I can see: I can see Trump's
ballroom.
His legacy
is what he'll be known by.
A wartime president known for a
ballroom,
but there was so much more that he wanted in
store.
There was so much more
of a legacy that
he had in store than
just a man with a ballroom.
That's what I hear the Lord say: 'I had
so much more, but
pride in the flesh and the people
getting in the
way.'It’s
why the Lord says he holds the
church accountable for how things go.
How does the church pray for a person
when they're underneath that?
I hear that lady singing in the presence
of Jehovah
God Almighty,
Prince of Peace.
Troubles vanish,
hearts are mended
in the presence
of the King.
Father, we worship you.
His ballroom that he's going
to build is so beautiful.
Every time I see him standing there
on those steps,
he's
looking out at a big American flag. There's a massive
American flag out there, and
he is always looking at it
because there's a
driveway that goes through
it. He's
so proud of that accomplishment.
It's all white, beautiful, and
very presidential—very Trump.
It's such a beautiful place.
I can see the storm all around the
building
every single time I see it. And what's
interesting is I always see those doves
flying around it, circling in a whirlwind outside of this building. They are always riding and flying, and
I see
olive leaves around them. There are three of them: one up here, one in the middle, and one down here.
They turn with
olive
leaves around them in the
whirlwind
outside of the ballroom,
around the American flag. And I see
those doves as I see a new ground zero
coming. I see a storm. Lord,
do you want me to keep pushing in this?
I can push.
Son, do you know when he's going to
finish that thing?
Does it say when they're
supposed to be finished with that
ballroom?
2027?
I don't know why I see 2027.
Some people are asking about September 2028.
That
would
be right
before he leaves. But there's something
about the steps of 2027.
I see another Great Depression;
I see a dust bowl like the 1930s.
I just had a
glimpse of it, a flash of
a dust bowl and a
Great Depression.
See, I never get in a rush. If you
want to know how I do it, I just sit,
listen, and pray. It's never
frantic.
You get quiet and you listen, and he shows
you things.
I'm focused on him, worshiping him.
It's
cultivation. It’s
not frantic praying in
tongues where you just scatter tongues all
over the place. Shut up, pray, and listen.
When you talk to him and you're
friends with him, he shows
you that which is to come.
Right then, I saw the ballroom steps, and all of a sudden I see
a Great Depression. I hear 'Great
Depression, dust bowl.'I see tractors in
a dust bowl.
Drought. As I
see a storm,
I go, 'What?'I pray
and he shows me things.
You say, 'Was that your imagination?'No,
I've learned it's the
eye. That's how I see. The Lord
shows me, and I've developed this over
a
long time, since I was about
14 years old. It's taken
cultivation.
I
try to teach you things that nobody else
is going to teach you at your church.
You're not going to hear that in your
little 30-minute sermonette and your
little offering.
They teach you a sugar-coated
word, but
I try to teach you
cultivation.
Pray, seek him.
I had a flash again. I
see the pink currency and I see Iraq.
I see
Babylon rising. I
see palm trees and Rolls-Royces. I see
Iraq
becoming
like Saudi Arabia again, a new era
of time for Iraq coming
around the oil. Something
is being established with the oil
in Iraq.
A
modern-day
Babylon.
I see a rising of Iraq
as Iran crumbles.
The prince
is losing its grip. Iran is losing its
grip upon Iraq
and
has trouble within.
I see three faces
in Iraq. One has
a
black mustache, is
heavier set, and has a five-o'clock shadow. He looks like
Saddam
in his younger years before he looked crazy. A
more established Iraq will
rise in the days ahead
over the oil.
But
there's still much corruption. The Lord
says in the central bank, there's still
much corruption
with the Kurds
and
the
money
flow.
I see a pipeline
with the Kurds.
I say they will set Iran back even
further into the Stone Age, for an attack
against their infrastructure is coming.
It will be against their electric
grid.
Many
are
contemplating ground invasions
with troops on the ground. They
are debating
using Saudi Arabia
and
Kuwait
for ground invasions
with
boots on the ground.
Battalions are
arming
the civilians.
Iraq will rise up, but with much
corruption
because
they
are
robbing the people with the HCL. There is
great
corruption. The Lord said
corruption.
I see a pipeline being
talked about, opening up pipelines. There's a
pipeline.
When Iran is dealt with, there is Kuwait. There
is
much
to see. You have
to come
up higher to see it. I
see Iran in the stone
age in some areas. It is
trying to
get other nations around there to step
in and help. It's
trying to get Turkey to help
and Syria.
It's
the art of the deal with the oil. The
art of the deal
concerning the strait.
That's what I'm
hearing.
If you all jump in and help, it will
be the art of the deal and
re-establishing a safer area
for all of us.
It's
a denuclearization of Iran. It's an art
of the deal with Saudi Arabia,
the oil, and the strait.
It's alliances and an
end.
I see them trying to cut the cord to
the internet, the
underwater cables
concerning Iran.
I hear them threatening to cut
underwater cables.
Iran threatened it. It's about the internet.
They don't have the means to do it;
it's a lot of
threats.
It's too deep. You know the word kamikaze?
It's
to the point of kamikaze,
to the point of desperation. I hear to the point of
kamikaze.
They're hitting a desperation point.
This
is
a
very scary point.
I see them desperately trying to
bring
forth a Mahdi.
We must do this. I
see them trying to strike
Israel. They have Israel in their
sights.
I
see it like one of those little
things
that has a spin wheel on it, like a View-Master
you
put on your face as a kid. They're
looking in the sights
toward Israel, but
they're looking toward
Syria.
Syria is two-faced.
Concerning Israel and
Syria,
they have a
weapon—a
black rocket.
They have one weapon that hasn't been
tested, hidden underneath
that mountain.
I see their leader;
they're done.
The man leading now is going
to be done.
His days are numbered. Another airstrike, and he's
done.
Another regime change is
coming.
They don't want a civil war
like in Afghanistan.
An unstable Iran is
dangerous because of what they have
underneath that mountain.
An unstable Iran is
dangerous
to the region.
They need
a good government
because some of these people in leadership still
are
crazy—a
proxy government.
I pray over our troops in any ground invasion. I pray
over our people.
It's not so
much us, but assisting others around it.
We need Saudi
Arabia and other nations;
it's the art of the deal
with Turkey and other
nations.
I don't know if this is what
will be discussed, but I
hear this.
Because NATO and others
are in la-la
land.
I'm seeing them trying to bring up
Jordan and other nations to
help
bring a stable Iran.
Even trying to talk to Pakistan, but
Pakistan
doesn't
want to be involved.
Thank
you, Lord. The art of the deal
for freedom fighters, for the kamikazes,
freedom for
the people in their own land.
Now I feel it release off me,
Holy Spirit.
When it comes to prayer like that, I
feel it start to release.
We pray for President Trump to
make the right decisions
and that the region will not be
unstable with kamikaze
Iranians in
leadership. We pray
he'll have the art of the deal to make
the right deals concerning the strait,
the new pipelines,
oil in Iraq, and finances, and that there will
be a regime change in the name
of Jesus over Iran. A
better proxy government will be set
up.
This
will be all about
Ezekiel 38 and 39 soon.
Interesting.
I like looking into that
because I have to study what I
just
saw. I
saw money flowing, but I saw three crooked people.
I saw
oil, the
Kurds, and
the corruption. I was looking
into Kuwait.
I've kept you all long enough.
I appreciate you showing up
tonight, praying with me,
and taking the time to dip in the
river. Jesus is so good to us.
We'll be back again tomorrow.
We'll
keep praying over the nations.
Thank you
for being here.
Take the time to pray
over the nations and what's coming. God
bless you.
Have a good night.